The Professional Track includes PTOs (Personal Time Off) which are attendance allotments for students to use at their discretion on otherwise mandatory days. Students are given 4 PTOs for the first trimester and 2 PTOs per subsequent trimester. Students can view their PTO balance in their intranet dashboard; staff can view a student's PTO balance in the student's intranet profile. PTOs do not roll over between trimesters.
Students can select when they would like to use their PTOs via their intranet dashboard up until the start of that mandatory day; this is done to encourage student professionalism in communication as well as to aid staff in planning. Students can choose to take either a half or full-day off, which will be reflected in their PTO balance. When students take a half-day, they may choose to participate in either half of the day. In the case that students would like to take the first half of the day off, they must arrive at school before the 1:00 pm check-in. If students would like to take the second half of the day off, students must stay until after stand up is finished. Note that if a student has to arrive after the 1:00 pm check-in or must leave before stand up, that student will have to take a full PTO. If a student does not inform us that they will not be attending any part of a mandatory day, an additional ¼ PTO will be deducted.
PTO application: 
Half-day off == - ½ PTO
Full day off == - 1 PTO
Unscheduled Half-day off == - ¾ PTO
Unscheduled Full day off == - 1 ¼ PTOs
If a student chooses to take PTOs beyond their allotment, it will begin to negatively impact their professional score. Their first additional PTO (balance of -1) will negatively impact their score by 20% (e.g. 100% -> 80%). Their second additional PTO (balance of -2) will negatively impact their score by an additional 40% (e.g. 80% -> 40%). With the theoretical maximum student technical score of 200%, two or more additional PTOs beyond a student's allotment will result in the automatic failure of that trimester due to their overall score being guaranteed below 80%.